hello again gamers if you recall a
little over a year ago nvidia unveiled
this device this was the original shield
now like I said it's been a little over
a year at this point and as of this past
week they officially announced this guy
this is a big old box a press review box
obviously containing the shield tablet
now I'm gonna go ahead and be upfront
with you I've actually already unboxed
this earlier but something along the way
I lost the video files so here we are
middle of the night and I'm rhian buck
Singh it after repacking it because i am
awesome like that so here we go let's
open the box and we'll show you what's
inside alright we have the ultimate
tablet for gamers built by Nvidia here
at the top you can see the shield
wireless controller this is the
accessory that was announced to go with
it which effectively takes the original
shield rips the head off of it and
leaves you just the controller to play
with so let's get rid of these extra
pieces of packing material move this to
the side we'll open it up and take a
look at the controller now as i said i
have already unpacked this so a lot of
the stuff is already pre-done for us so
I've got all the you know the plastic
wrap pulled off of it but this is the
controller looks and feels do this on
the side here looks and feels an awful
lot like the original controller the
same sort of nubbins the same buttons
the buttons on the new one here in the
middle are all capacitive now and you
might be able to see it here there's a
little teeny tiny microphone pinhole
there additionally we've got plus and
minus volume rocker right there and what
I was surprised to find its teeny tiny
little touch pad very nice touch there
again the same triggers and buttons and
the USB for charging micro USB
three-and-a-half millimeter headphone
jack so that you can get your audio
straight from there very nice little
accessory cannot wait to use that some
more in here down here at the bottom you
see we have the charging cable there you
go I would presume if there are any sort
of firmware updates you could also hook
this up to your PC you knew that but I
haven't heard anything about that quite
yet so let's put this off to the side
and move on to the next item in the box
this one is not going to become useful
apparently immediately but we'll see
that in just a minute this is the shield
tablet cover so there you go on down
further in the box we have another item
kind of unexpected to me but I'm
definitely not complaining the mini hdmi
to hdmi cable actually had not even
really taken us out of the box because I
do already have several days but there
you go it is a mini hdmi to hdmi adapter
this can be used to hook the shield
tablet up to your PC your desktop
whatever it is you want to hook it up to
so that you can stream the video out of
it and of course the pas de resistance
the meat and potatoes of the package
itself the shield tablet so let's go
ahead and get this open now just to tell
you a little bit about this while I and
pulling it out of the package this does
come sporting the Tegra k1 processor to
teach bytes of ram 16 or 32 gigs of
storage and as it turns out this one is
the 16 gigabyte variant and the stylus
there we go on the back that's the
stylus front-facing speakers very very
nice speakers 5 megapixel front-facing
camera 5 megapixel rear facing camera
these little bass reflex speakers on the
sides micro USB port mini HDMI port
three-and-a-half millimeter headphone
jack and two little widgets here which
will go ahead and talk about now as you
remember just a moment ago I through
this off to the side this is the shield
tablet cover go ahead and open that up
pull it out and this kind of reminds me
of an iPad cover and I've had many cover
in this case it's you know flexible and
stuff and it has this little Ridge on
the end that if we take it just right
see the two little flaps there we can do
this yeah there we go just pops right in
closes right over it and you got
yourself a cover now again the cool
thing about that is just like the ipad
covers of the past you can flip it over
but this end is magnetic so it'll stick
to the back and hold it in place pretty
securely I mean it's not extraordinarily
secure but like you can flop off like
that but it is definitely usable I set
it down on the desk like that and it's
it's all out you know I was able to put
quite a bit of pressure on that before
it actually fell over and doing this on
camera you know getting it a hundred
percent secure is not as easy as it does
look but you can put it in this position
and it is usable like that you can even
lay it down like this and it is still
pretty usable like this i mean i'm
putting even more force on it this way
and it
falling over so definitely a nice little
way to to use the shield especially when
you pair it up with the controller
because now you just move this away
there you go and we can play on games
all day long from however far away we
want to be this is I should probably
mention the controller is not a
Bluetooth controller it's a Wi-Fi
controller so it's using Wi-Fi direct to
communicate with the tablet so you don't
have to worry about setting up wireless
networks you don't have to worry about
pairing Bluetooth you end up just
hitting a button on the tablet holding
this down and boom they pair to each
other pretty painless as far as what
else comes in the box of course you're
going to have the standard microUSB
cable and the charging wall wart then
all of the safety information and the
adapter for the country wherever you
happen to be you just pop these two
together like that and there you go and
actually I kind of like the way that
works because you end up with none of
the FCC writing showing or anything none
of these little warnings and and by the
way just to go and throw it out there it
does say on here and a little teeny tiny
text output is 5.2 volts at 2.1 amps so
be aware of that when you're charging
the device you might need a little bit
more power to make it happen she's going
to see you back in the box for now and
you know what that's probably going to
be beheld from me for today I'm going to
go ahead and get back to playing with
the the shield tablet you'll probably
see the review for this up on XDA before
too much longer and really I could not
have been happier with it so far just
because it is a very solidly built piece
of hardware I know I'm not supposed to
really say anything because I just
unboxed it but so far my impressions are
very very good and I'm looking forward
to spending much more time with this and
I will get back with you with some more
information about it once I once I've
had a little more time to mess with it
but if you do have any comments
questions concerns anything like that
feel free to leave them down in the
comment section below and I will try to
address them in the review when the time
comes otherwise thanks so much for
watching and I'll see you next time